railway: equal access, fast,  efficient, lower cost, boost local industry
roads: flexible, the economy(car industry, shops among roads), equal development opportunities
more money on railway: underdeveloped cities(lower cost, fund efficient, boost industry)
more moeny on roads: developed cities()
447 words...
AI score: 6.0
---

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.
Write about the following topic: Governments should spend money on railways rather than roads. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement? Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience. Write at least 250 words.

Railways and roads are both quite vital parts in a public transport system, playing key roles in the economy and affecting citizens' living standards. Consequently, it is obvious that the government should invest funds in them. However, should we invest in railways rather than roads? The answer depends on specific urban situations.

Spending money on railways rather than roads has several benefits. Railways provide citizens with equal access to transport. Cars and fuels are expensive. Therefore, purchasing and maintaining a car is sometimes unaffordable for less well-off families. Although train tickets not always as cheap as expected, they are still cheaper than the cost of owning a car. Additional, railways contribute to local industry more than roads. Industry needs original material to process, such as coals and orges, and railways offer cheaper prices to transport them. In contrast, the road system cannot provide prices as competitive as railways. Nevertheless, railways are pretty efficient than roads, because private cars only carry a small number of people at once, but trains can carry thousands of passengers in one journey.

However, it is also sensible not to spend on railways rather than roads. In other words, roads have many competitive advantages over railways. Traveling on roads is flexible in a dense road network, because travelers are not forced to go along railways. And roads help in the local economy. They contribute to the economy by boosting the income of shops and restaurants along the roads. Unlike railways only benefit the start and the end points, the road system benefits the whole area covered by roads. That means, roads provide more equal development opportunities than railways.

So should the governments invest in railways rather than roads? The answer is:  it depends on specific urban circumstances. For underdeveloped areas, spend money on railways rather than roads migh be better. Underdevelop areas are always out of touch of the world, building a state-funded railway is the most efficient way to get rid of the poor situation. Another concern is that in underdeveloped areas residents have difficulties in owning private cars to make the most use of roads. In contrast, spending money on railways instead of roads is not a good idea in developed areas. In developed areas, a dense and covenient road system benefit the economy by boosting the consumer society. Railways cannot boost the domestic exchange of goods, cannot help restaurants and stores make profits, but roads can. According the analysis, concentrating on railways is a bad choice in developed areas.

In summary, it is reasonable for governments to spend money on railways rather than roads in underdeveloped or developing areas. But in developed areas, it might not be the best choice.