---
start: 20:22
end: 21:04

Some people say History is one of the most important school subjects. Other people think that, in today’s world, subjects like Science and Technology are more important than History. Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.
---

As an important subject, History takes students so much time and effort to learn it. Some people argue that it is one of the most important school subjects, while someone argue that subjects like Science and Technology are more important than it.

History is undoubtly an useful subject for almost everyone, since everyone could benefit from experience, knowledge, and wisedom from it. So it is sensible for someone to consider History one of the most important school subjects. Furthermore, History builds national identity, establish a tight bond between students and nations, also bringing a sense of community. If people share the same historical memory, they might trust and cooperate with each other more easily, which contribute to efficiency. This subject also helps in cultivating students' curiosity about non-fiction and the complexity of the world they live in.

On the other hand, it is also understandable that someone believe that subjects like Science and Technology are more important than History. Our convenient and comfortable life is based on the advances of science and techonology. For example, we can shopping online thanks to the telecommunications industry, and we are healthier than people in the past, because of consistantly developing in medical technology. The total time and energy students having in school are finite, so if they take more time in History, they would have to take fewer hours in Science and Technology. Honestly, high-paid jobs are more related to Science and Technology rather than History. When students concentrate on the two subjects more, they are more likely to have higher living standards in the future.

History do play an important role for students, but it is unneccesary for them to spend so many hours in rote learning. History could shift its target from remembering boring historical detail to sparking curiosity of history, because understanding the complexity of the world is far more important than just getting high scores in the subject.