---
start: 17:31
end1: 18:12

Some people think that competition at work,at school and in daily life is agood thing.Others believe that we should try to cooperate more,rather than competing against each other. 

Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your ownknowledge or experience.
---

Competition plays a key role in the globalised world. Some people argue that it is a good thing at work, at school, and in daily life, while others think that we should work closely together, help each other instead of competing. 

Competition undoubtedly foster the efficiency of the economy. A competitive edge sometimes means advanced technology or state-of-the-art managerial skills. If an enterprise gain an advantage over others, it means that the enterprise meets the damand for its market better than others, and it is sensible for this enterprise to make profits on its effective and efficient performance. For example, a restaurant can benefit from running its business more carefully and efficiently, and it will obtain competitive edges if it can make most of its resources to provide its guests with high-quality dishes in lower prices. As a result, it will be harmful for the society without competition. Without competition, people have to purchase expensive and shoddy products although vendors are able to produce high-quality and cheap ones, because vendors cannot benefit from producing goods which are competitive enough.

However, competition is not necessary in every areas, especially in daily life. Keeping oneself competive require spending a large amount of time and energy. For example, if a student want to have a steady source of income in a world of entense competition, he or she has to study extremely hard to become outstanding enough, because companies in the highly competitive world has less budget to hire employees with average level. If those companies do not gather the most outstanding people, they are likely to lose their competitive edges in the competition. Furthermore, if tough competitions appear everywhere in daily life, it will obviously damage people's mental health. When the public suffers from mental pressure, it would be hard for the society to keep energetic and creative. This is not sustainable for both individaul and community, so cooperating more and helping each other more are preferred than competition.

In summary, although competition benefits the economy and the efficiency of the public, it is not sustainable to put too much pressure about competition on individaul and the society. As the result, cooperating is more preferred than competition in our daily life.