---
start: 18:21
end1: 18:55
end2: 19:02

The working week should be shorter and workers should have a longer weekend.

Do you agree or disagree?

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.
---

The balance of working week and weekend profoundly influences living standards and sense of happiness for people in the workforce. For the issue, I believe that a shorter working week and a longer weekend are preferred, and it can benefit both employees and employers.

Honestly speaking, most of jobs are repetitive and tedious, which needs people to spend a large amount of physical or mental energy on them. Without enough weekend to relax, it is difficult for people to become energetic when they work in working days. Without enough physical or mental energy, it is obvious for them to become less efficient, being prone to make mistakes, which might be dangerous and unaffordable for their employers. In contrast, when weekends have been prolonged, people have more opportunities to let off steam, escaping stress from work temporarily. Additionally, skills can be developed and habits can be cultivated, with more opportunities to socialise with each other. This obviously benefits people's mental health. If people have not to cope with their negative emotions at work, they can be more productive and more creative, ending up making more profits for their organizations.

It is still sensible for people to argue that working week should not to be shorter and weekend should not be longer, because sometimes longer working hours means more salaries. For example, when a worker has to raise a family, they usually want to earn more money to improve family's standard of living. If the working week become shorter, it might be difficult for them to earn enough money to cover their life expenses. However, this challenge can be partly solved by regulations and state funding. When the cost of having a longer weekend can be covered by goverments, both the employees and employers will benefit from the measure.

In conclusion, I believe that the working week should be shorter and weekend should be longer for the purpose of improving working efficiency. Although there are challenges need to solve, the measure can benefit almost everyone.