---
start: 21:55
end: 21:38

Many aspects of the way people dress today are influenced by global fashion trends.
How has global fashion become such a strong influence on people's lives?
Do you think this is a positive or negative development?
---

The way people dress today is connected tightly to global fashion trends. The dressing style of a famous actor or singer might be spreaded quickly to almost everywhere on social media. The main reason is the advanced Internet and Information Technology. However, I think it is sometimes a negative development.

Rapidly advanced Internet and developed telecommunications infrastructure might be the main cause for the phenomenon. Thanks to the affordable broadband internet access, people can upload their beautiful dressing photos on the social media, while others are able to copy the style or the brand of clothes they are interested in immediately. The dressing patterns of famous people on the social media would lead a fashion trend among their fans. The Internet also influences the way people dress by distributing the same cultural products such as movies or animes to people. The same clothes and dressing styles in those cultural products might influence viewers profoundly, and the viewers are sometimes prone to dress like characters in movies.

I think it is not a good development, because it damage cultural diversity and cultural identity. Dressing patterns always become a sign of cultural heritage for a community. When the technology makes people dress in the same pattern, the unique beauty of local community might lose. Once the valuable beauty cannot be found, it will be hard to recover in the future. Additionally, people sometimes wear traditional clothes to maintain their cultural identity. For example, Japanese are even able to wear their traditional clothes in their daily life or workplaces rather only fastivals, which might provide them with a sense of belonging.

In conclusion, the Internet is the main reason for this phenomenon, and I think it is a negative development. Although it is easy to copy the dressing pattern from friends or famous people on social media, it is also necessary for us to preserve our unique beauty and pursue diversity.   