---
start: 13:52
end1: 14:35
end2: 14:42
STREEC
ESRHMF

In many countries, primary and secondary schools close for two months or more in the summer holidays. What is the value of long school holidays? What are the arguments in favour of shorter school holidays?

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.
---

Students in primary or secondary schools usually enjoy summer holidays for two month or more. Some people argue that the holidays have its value for students, while others believe that it is prefered to have shorter school holidays.

Long school holidays are undoubtedly valuable for students who need time to achieve their potential. Students, espetially who are in their early ages need time to cultivate their habits or develop their important skills, such as life skills or social skills. However, they do not always have time when they are at school. This means they need holidays to receive these important hands-on experience. For example, if a student is interested in programming, while he or she has little time or opportunities to explore this topic since the education system is usually exam-oriented. Without these long summer holidays, they might cannot develop their computer skills with enough time, and ultimately cannot achieve their potential. So long summer holidays are significantly demanded and valuable for those who want to develop habits or skills.

However, it is still sensible for people to argue that shorter school holidays are sometimes better. The first reason is that parents always have to spend more time on taking care for their children in holidays. Since the access to childcare services is not always affordable for parents, with such a long holiday, parents might have no time to relax or let off their steam because of the heavy childcare responsibility. Furthermore, a longer summer holiday means that students spend fewer learning hours in school. Since the competition of employment would be intense in the future for younger generations, they sometimes have to spend more hours on learning to acquire a competitve edge. If they cannot be competitive enough in the future, it might be difficult for them to obtain a high-paid job to raise their family. This means that if students could benefit from longer learning hours in school, a shorter summer holiday is understandable to keep them competitive.

In conclusion, summer holidays are valuable and demanded for students who want to explore something or want to cultivate important skills, while shorter summer holidays might possibly keep students more competitive.