---
start: 18:18
end: 18:57

Access to clean water is a basic human right, Therefore every home should have a water supply that is provided free of charge. Do you agree or disagree?

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.
---

Clean water plays a vital role in our daily life, and some people argue that having a free of charge water supply is required because it is a basic human right. Although I agree that water should be avaliable and easily accessed, I do not believe that the supply should be free of charge.

It is sensible for people to consider water supply a free public service, because sometimes the cost of water is a burden for less well-off families. Although clean water resource is not expensive as in the past, the cost still exists, and sometimes is unaffordable especially for people in underdeveloped countries without infrastructure about water supply. For example, it is hard for african people to acquire healthy and clean water because there are not mature tube system to dilivery water efficiently. Offering free clean water to them will absolutely improve their living standard significantly, and it is understandable to provide those people with clean water free of charge.

However, providing free clean water might cause that people do not conserve water, finally leading to a waste of water. The reason is that people usually conserve resources to reduce their living expense, and without the price people are unnecessary to spend their time and energy to make the most of and conserve water, because they cannot financially benefit from the behaviour. If people use water extravagantly, governments should spend extra unnecessary fundings to maintain water supply, increasing the burden on taxpayers. So a free of charge water supply might damage the efficiency and equality of the society.

In general, although clean water is vital and should be easily accessed for everyone, it have not to be free of charge. If people cannot benefit financially from their conservation behaviour, they will not do this.