---
start: 21:10
end: 21:53

Some people have decided to reduce the number of times they fly every year or to stop flying altogether. Do you think the environmental benefits of this development outweigh the disadvantages for individuals and businesses?
---

Traveling by air is not a environmentally friendly decision, increasing carbon emission and polluting the atmosphere. To lead a ecofriendly lifestyle, some people choose to reduce the number of flying or ever stop flying to protect the environment. However, I do not think the environmental benefits outweigh the disadvantages.

Undoubtedly, planes burn fossil fuels which include large amount of carbon, contributing to more greenhouse gases. As a result, reducing the number of flying might improve air quality and benefit the atmosphere, and smaller carbon dioxide would be produced. This might help in maintaining a cleaner and healthier air quality. Consequently, people will benefit from the improved air quality, having smaller possiblity to suffer from diseases related to poor air conditions. From this prospective, traveling not by air does contribute to a more ecofriendly and healthier world.

However, the frequency of taking plane is usually related to multinational business and cultural exchange. When fewer people go abroad by air, there are fewer opportunity to connect people, to exchange knowledge, or to foster the circulation of the capital around the world. Nowadays a number of contries benefit from this mutination business. For example, Japanese manufacture industry depends on foreign material to make products and foreign markets to make benefits, and another example is that one factor of American success is it gathers outstanding people and ideas around the world. If fewer people travel by air to foster connection among countries, it will be harmful for productivity. Without productivity, it is difficult for people to raise their living standards.

In conclusion, although traveling by air does have negative effects on environmental protection, since there are no alternative choices, it is still necessary to multinational business and the economy.